[Music]
the book Joaquín's book that we're
promoting today Teos in
advance
because Joaquín in two days well
we can already present it and we're going to put
the link in the description Joaquín's book
that I hope will be another
success I'm here before the future
Pérez reverte
so well already I'll be putting
the link in the description box because you
can already buy it in pre-sale so
if you go ahead and order it, it will almost
arrive on the day of the premiere, surely not
Joaquín yes Surely sure you know how
distributors work these days and
especially Amazon which is the one that
sells the most right now although Well you know
I'm very open to this whoever
wants to buy it on Amazon whoever
goes to their local bookstore later can go to El
Corte Inglés
maximum freedom but well yes in
pre-sale it's on Amazon And well, let's
see if we can make all this work
that we have done separately on the same
case, both Jos and I, have an
impact not only in the media
no  that the work
done is valued, not in pre-sale, you have it
everywhere here, not only on Amazon, you
have it also at El Corte Inglés in
Fenal yes yes no no Of course, but I
want to say that as Amazon
spoke about before, also not for some
commercial reason, Fabulosa has managed to be the one
that today monopolizes the largest percentage
of book sales in Spain, not
100% of books, of any book that
you say, well, the majority, not the majority, the
entirety, but a good percentage is
sold on Amazon, no, and it governs a bit
like the traffic light, not the thermometer of
book sales, no, I, I see,
for me, if I were to say that I don't have an
Amazon account yet, not for nothing,
but because I live abroad, I live in Indonesia
where it is very difficult to access Amazon, in
China it is prohibited, then of course
I buy from other places, but I
recommend that to everyone, if it is Amazon,
Amazon, and if not, let them decide,
which seems perfect to me as long as they
buy it, read it and like it, but the
book is in El Corte Inglés, also in
bookstores in a couple of days, so
not only nothing, of course, no, no, there are no
people  I'm
looking for a physical bookstore, that is,
being there, sphere of books. Yes, yes. Hey,
and what are we going to find in your book,
Joaquín, what can you tell us about it?
Well, let's see, uh, what I've tried to address
in the book has been the
reasons why
this macabre, Machiavellian and psychotic
act was carried out. I believe that what I've tried to carry
out, and I think I've been able to
achieve in part because, as
we've talked about, there are still reasons for
information to come out, but in the
book, what I try to explain in a
clear and concise way is: Why Daniel
does this? Who is Daniel?
Why Daniel meets this man, in what
situation, What type of relationship did they have?
Then, why does that relationship, uh, as a couple,
become a relationship between
businessmen, and why does everything go to
hell, even taking the life of
one of the people? No, I think that
's one of the essential keys,
not of this case, for me, and well, and
there are many details, especially details,
uh, that, well, that have not
yet come to light, some are uh, They are not
essential.  for the case but they are
striking and others are obviously very
essential not like the one we were talking about
before that yesterday exclusively gave the
newspaper El Mundo No I allow me I have
read it I am missing very little I am
missing You are privileged no I mean
here you go ahead you are there here
allows me to know that we have an interview On
the 23rd I will give you a summary of what I think
so far Yeah okay the
book is a book that tells you the case
but the important thing about the book is not the
case it is the intrac case I would say or rather he gets into it
Joaquín gets very deeply into
the data that I hope is I think
that people are waiting for or rather the
data of what has surrounded the case
after it occurred The case I would say
that it would be the perfect summary that no eh
Joaquín yes and and and to say it
is also perfect for by To add something else it is
as if the prosecutor's office of Thailand no
the Cosam court had been very
interested in knowing what happened before
not to try to find out the
reasons that led Daniel to do
this Yes  that's why you don't focus on what
the case is but you tell the case but it's more
The before and the and the The before and after the
case or in other words what has surrounded the case
is that someone someone told me
recently said how could you have
gotten so close it seems that you have
made an agreement between Jose and you it doesn't say
because you obviously deal with the
trial and you deal with the facts but that is
10% of the book Compared to the rest
that you're telling no While
José's book that comes out on the 30th and from
here I encourage everyone to buy it
as you already
know eh Well, you know better than I, it's that I haven't been able to read yours yet with so much traveling esp case mine is what the case is or in other words what is the summary summary the court records Now when I went into the link
okay because now we're going to put it You're
going to have it in the chat in the
pinned comment and so on it appears below
bought together and your two
books appear Hey but listen to me nice and I think
people are not going to  disappoint for what
Joaquín is telling because one
one penetrates the other no no I know that they
complement each other no chorus I think that they
complement each other very well Oh nice Eh yes
but Jose knows that I can tell you
I Recently I sent you you come closer with a little
chalk circle like this I told him look such Yes yes why Because
Well because
in the end it is better that the people who are
informing themselves about this case have two
books two options and two authors before
having one That is very clear, I mean
and you have said that even if they are two books
two authors it is that
one book has nothing to do with the other nothing eh I mean those
who are following the case apart from
following it on our YouTube channels
eh To soak it up well and to be well, I
mean if you are hooked on the subject the
ideal is to read everything read both Surely
sure but this This is like everything I don't know I don't
know what example to give you but wow
if someone is interested in a case How are they
not going to buy two books, I mean I
am sure all my respect to
someone who is surely going to
sadly see that they do not have the
economic capacity to buy two books but
I think that the majority has that
possibility and especially those who can't, those who
can buy just one because the
inflation situation is bad, then
when their birthday comes they give them
the other one when Christmas comes they give them
the other one I mean there
is a real possibility of having
both books of course and I think that they
get along perfectly well and they are going to
do Well practically 100% it
's not 100% because things keep happening
but a good part of all this
is clear no And you will have
book signings Joaquín I yes in fact I have the
first one here with your with
our colleague Dariol who is going to
organize it is it true I have seen it is it
true I have seen his idea idea his idea
Fabulosa says Hey I would like to do
this I passed it on to the publisher they
told me yes we are in But well
everything is practically already By the way an
honor everything is practically full but on
Friday at 7:30 we are at El Borne
well the Fahrenheit bookstore has had to
set up another room and those who
speak with Dariol or speak with that
bookstore  but this Friday I'm at
7:30 there in this one with Dariol And with all
the people it's going to be very interactive and
dynamic Do you want to repeat the address
for the people of Barcelona who see us?
Clearly, the address has changed and it
will be explained now but it is right next
door, it is very close to where the
bookstore is. The important thing is that before
the bookstore organizes it, Fahrenheit house,
Fahrenheit which is on El Carré
de la Ribera street in the Borne market,
right in the Borne market, so that's where
the presentation was initially going to take place,
but I mean, I have to
say here, you know, there weren't 60 seats and there were
90 reservations. So don't believe me
last night, a turkey, eh? He sent me a
screenshot of some fraudulent reports,
a story that they were making in my
name that they were impersonating me
and they were putting that
address, I mean, at least that street was
Carrer de la Rivera. What a
coincidence, I swear, damn it, I'm going to
check it later. Maybe I'm
making a mistake, maybe it looks similar to the name,
but yes, yes. And what time? Joaquín 7:30 I'll
tell you one thing  I personally
will be there but I personally do have
thoughts of buying the book The
truth is that I would attend if you are going to
do it, I mean if I have the opportunity to
go I would attend so that he can sign it and
all that stuff and for char s no and we are
going to talk I will tell you the idea and a very
good one from dareol is that he is going to
record it for his channel the issue is that it
is completely Dynamic open
interactive meaning that I speak to the
questions Answer
dareol's questions but at a moment dareol
gives the microphone to the 120 people that are
going to be there and each one can ask
whatever they want then we will take a
picture you know what I am like and how are we
going to have some wine a tapa
somewhere whoever wants to come come and it will be
a wonderful day Let's wait and sign
the book and all these things for those who
like the subject of of the signings
in the book well I am there whenever you
want to do it in Seville What happens is that you have to
put a bigger table
because of course here in Seville we are Jos
and we are and I am here I will be
thinner when I come by  Seville no
and apart from what he says we don't drink wine
of course what happens here in Seville is that
we are different and the same thing
happens at 3 in the morning drinking wine
we already lick ourselves with the rum and cokes
from the book and we don't read the book such Well
family for those of us who are not
from Barcelona we will be leaving the
link there in the comments box
pinned and so on for now okay And well I do
n't know I'm looking forward to reading it it will arrive to me it will
arrive tomorrow the day after tomorrow
surely So you will have it
posted here I will put it here too and I will
comment on the things that
catch my attention when I read it here
on the channel I don't know if it will be there
we will find many
new exclusives that have not been published yet
Joaquín Yes there are quite a few yes there are things yes
Above all you know what there is it is called
exclusive not only because it has not
come to light but in this case I
assure you that it is because it is like the
missing piece some of the things that we have been
asking ourselves no Hey and
why are these people acting this
way And why are these people not
acting this way And why  what this was
said like this no yes there are some things there are
some things and well I'll also tell you
something Yes I don't know what will happen in the
future But information keeps coming out in
this case and if so much information keeps coming out well I do
n't know maybe
if the book sells there will be many
editions in the future Maybe we will have to
write an epilogue a chapter period or
something because things keep coming out and
important things but what is the
book well evidently until it is
delivered to the publisher it already has
enough reliable and
novel information not striking I'm laughing I
'm laughing because because I'm
thinking I have read clear I read most
books already what happens is that
nothing can be revealed yet but I'm
laughing when I read it car vfo yig you know
where I'm
going when you read it Carmen
finally you know where I'm going eh I'm not saying and
when when I start reading it José I'm
going to find things that I'm going to
like to video to see but we can't
reveal the book in a video
because if not I don't  but man if there is
one strong thing not like if I
tell you I tell you that I would like to see
Carón's face when he reads the book
damn but let's see you've left me a little
broken But well Wishing that it is it is very
thick it is very fat no don't give it 240
pages 240 it is big in the
sense of it is big no Yes look I
have a big face it is bigger than
the head that I have I mean it is big
eh but it is read it is easy to read there are two
but the edition the edition that you have
Jos is different from the one that you have there
Not only was it missing yes there is only one for
now Ah I thought I saw a
different cover I mean maybe it's when
you buy it in No it's not the same no right
okay Well then I will read it
little by little you know that I have time
such But well you put me a little with
not to see the thing about Balfagón and that way people will
take it with more desire Yes yes Well the thing about
Balz is It is more of an anecdote he is completely
right what he says but it is more of an anecdote
but  put a little bit of substance in there
so that of course they don't tell it but put
a little bit of no in there Let's see, you have to make
a profile of the lawyers and as
you know, part of my, of my,
of my continuous talk about this case
has to do with the fact that the lawyers were
poorly selected and that the lawyers have
executed a disastrous strategy And
that has been seen the results So,
in order to not only repeat what I've already
said 200 times, I'll go back and
talk a little bit about Chirras' lawyers
less because I don't have
enough information but about Balfagón and Marcos
García Montes, obviously yes And I think
that Balfagón and García Montes, like in
all careers, will also have
things to hide or that they won't want to
come to light due to errors Oh I
like that, I mean, are you referring to the oteca, of course, a
little bit and above all, it associates a lot with
issues that are also going to come out No, well,
what clients does Marcos have apart from the
famous ones What people has he defended What
unions, what things not Yes, there are
some that are very particular, yes they
are, they are  what happens is that
Claro actually the union chipi
balfagón García Montes has been with this
case they before did not have the union no or
seaf with ch chir And balfagón yes with chir
but with García Mont no s I have heard you see
this I think it is not in the book
because I understood it was explained to me
later that on some occasion yes
balfagón had ad García Montes for
something for some things that perhaps
were out of such That is true they have
confirmed to me that they already knew each other before
some collaboration some work
that it is not that they were thick as thieves or
anything like that in the end also keep in mind that
balfagón was always also on
television sets and Montes too Yes well Yes yes yes
yes But there was a case they
told me they told me about some case that
she for some reason did not arrive or
something like that there was part they are
television lawyers chir I am not very clear
I think that chir has not yet finished his
law degree eh I think you are a
criminologist I think eh I could be wrong
but I think that if pir does not yet have
the title of lawyer I think  eh totally
wrong you said lawyers
television lawyers Javi said if you'll allow me
at least Carmen forgives me she's much
more of a television person than a lawyer no just because yes yes to
me nothing happens nothing happens
nothing happens no good legitimate legitimate she thinks that
more money is earned on television than she does
No no her She plays a good role I
mean in the end she knows she's got experience
look how they gave me a hard time the day they
called me and such she she's got experience
there she knows people She
knows how to look at the camera such and such I'm not
saying this without any kind of resentment but that's
how it is she has a lot of television look at the
article that you published today and today I
read the subject that it's not that they
beat their chests that they haven't gotten paid
that they haven't gotten paid or rather what
television walks they've been taking for a year and a
half now And it's not the
television walks It's that this
hooks you into other programs that
maybe have nothing to do with the
Daniel Sancho case but they're already calling you
and it's not that you count that no we
are  here having content to
talk about Daniel Sancho but less strange
right how less strange the way of
disappearing I mean if they had a
pre-agreement about the dishes that
pre-agreement had to be broken
because they have disappeared from the dishes it does not
take anymore but also because the clear thing is
that it is not an issue Yes, let's see it
still has headlines but as for the
sets to have a space now my because
they have kept quiet about it if they had
continued it would have had much more traction
what happens is that they are not
interested anymore uh they have lost that the
appeal is not going anywhere they have a
serious problem with the issue of alis they are not
going to Thailand There is also a problem
with the monetary issue I think that
in the end uh coming to light does not make
much sense because what you can
ask him not Adela not the other one and not such
But well now There is a real possibility
that people can ask them for
explanations not a whole
nonsense a theory that they had been
explaining from the four sides of
each set and that was false and that has been
worthless and that has practically landed him
in the highest penalty Daniel
then  Of course, go now, what are you going to
defend if you have nothing to
defend, if it is that, eh, it can be said that you
have not screwed up, you had a story
to tell and it has been the opposite.
So if you have almost the worst sentence for
a job that you have done that you were
convinced that such and such, well, it is
because right now coming to the fore
could lead to even more problems,
apart from the fact that publicizing a case is not
the case for the front page of your website.
Of course, but one thing there is here, there is here there
is a suspicion of a scam of having
tried to buy the court, okay?
So one of the
investigations that I have done is to
talk to people because in Thailand
courts are bought as in many countries
there are corrupt judges and
corrupt prosecutors and such. And one of the reasons that they
ask you, the first is if this is going to be
done, if it were going to be done here,
not everyone would open their mouth, or in other words, what
you cannot do is if here we are
going to try to do something that is not
legal, is to be all day long with great fanfare on the
sets and such, because,
why, because no, because nobody is going to
expose themselves.  to risk their career not only for
money but to get caught no in the end
life is to get caught the banks
are there and they don't rob them every day
why don't they rob them because people are
going to catch them then a judge who
wants a prosecutor who wants to sell his
soul to the devil the first thing he wants is for
this case to go completely
unnoticed and they did the
opposite that's why I tell you that the
mistakes have been continuous daily and
well until the end no until now
practically and there is another thing behind
the cameras that we also do not value
when saying well it is that they do not charge the
other they have not earned money with the case
how many clients have not they earned with the
publicity that these three
professionals have of course the same as the
problem in the case of
balfagón barf chirr and monte let's see Monte
I no longer count on him But balfagón and
ch will have done more good than bad or more
bad than good here is the question open the
publicity is bad the publicity is
bad so it is true that for
example juango Seguro sure it is that of
course this a lot of exposure we
noo sure but I'm talking to you about barf
cl I mean I mean the publicity has
been good Or maybe there are times when
one gets burned by How do you say no about
popularity I think that maybe it hasn't
come out well for them too eh or they thought
one thing and in the end it didn't turn out
the way they thought I think
sincerely because a lot of people
come to me anonymously and say wow if
I had any problem in the
last few years what would I think would be so-and-so
banito be who waits I'll tell you something there's
always someone for someone sewn up there are
people who are with them eh Ah of course
saying that anonymous people from the street who
in the end are the ones you look for to
hire you because the famous ones No that they
know Who to call anonymous people
when a lot of people come to you like they have
come to me they have told me I would never put myself
in the hands of furito so-and-so well wow one
says he must have done better publicity or
bad I mean good or bad no in the end it
favors them or harms them they have valued
well in the I mean there was who was the one
who said that they talk about me even if
it's bad no in the end it's publicity or
or I prefer to go out on the main page
speaking to me badly than the twenty-something
Well but in this case in the end it is your
prestige as a lawyer and how
the prestige of balfagón and chipi rea has been left, I mean for
example no or that of Monte I am not
saying that it is good or bad that
they will have to evaluate but it is that
we have seen people on sets talking about
raincoats and Cocos And that woman gets paid for
making criminological reports
of course I don't know I will repeat again each
one will have to evaluate if it has been
good or bad for her but I
think that not all the publicity and all
the exposure is always good eh Yes
but Jos yes you are completely right but
to point out something until before the
sentence They had controlled the
sets and there are many people who do not like
youtubers or who do not even know that
youtubers exist and that they have only
camouflaged themselves informed with these people
and really there are those who tell you
this gentleman I have seen him with Isabel
Pantoja I have seen him with Ruis Mateos how
well He speaks what he said about how he was
what I was saying about the eye and such So I
want this gentleman there are many people
who search in their world also fame
says this gentleman gives me more security no
I do believe that after the sentence
and that they have disappeared yes there have been
more people who have said Hey but
this this What is no what has happened here
I think that clients will have caught it is that
in the end You realize that
we I think that you
evidently don't and I think that
everyone who is watching us and is watching us
for a reason but yes there are people who watch
TV and don't watch YouTube and there are people who
like García Monti they
like Carmen and they agree with him
about Rodolfo as you were saying about
youtubers and TV but it's that for
example the Nilson issue there was a fight on the
television sets there was no fight On
YouTube I mean they brought it out I think it
was code 10 or Hablando Claro and later It was
even taken to Telemadrid that
even later Balfagón I think it was on
Telemadrid where he came out
apologizing because they had fooled him and
such I mean I mean there are things that
are true no  like the topic of what
we have talked about on our
YouTube channels that many people don't
see because they don't watch YouTube but then there are
things that have been destroyed on
television sets and I think they have been
harmed like the Nilson issue for
example one thing about that Guillo I saw the day
before yesterday that the lawyer who is
taking action against Elisa Mou is taking action against
Nilson and against Nacho Cano and against Rejón
the same lawyer but Nilso what measures is he
taking I mean what is it that he
supposedly denounces of course one
thing is that you criticize no and that you expose
but another thing a legal issue that is
illegal I have no idea if who can
inform us but right now I still have no
idea knows anything about that Joaquín
have you seen it or rather Nilson the witness who
felt pressured manipulated or
bought by
Rodolfo Claro is taking
legal measures in Spain with this lawyer I don't
remember his name can I say that
that lawyer might soon give an
interview on YouTube man but it is on
television or a YouTube channel
soon surely an interview Ah
man of course not next week for sure  almost
certainly let's see that we're going to find out I
mean what they're going to do we're
going to find out because they're going to give an
interview soon of course you
say putto number one but this didn't
happen not even in Spain yeah Look eh
Javi you asked me before and I'll tell you
something eh I mean for this I'm a little
drastic the Nilson issue doesn't
interest me for one reason because I already know what no no
but I'll tell you why I'll tell you why I
mean let me explain I mean it's
second nature to me Why Because I
already know what happened we already know what
happened I mean now let them fight
amongst themselves who sent who didn't send I
mean for the book for for for him for
our books for this this case what
is clear is that they tried to get him to
say one thing in court in exchange
for money that has already been made clear
okay So I already knew one sent him a
message the other three the other told him so let
them settle it as they say in
court and let them kick each other
but boy was Nilson used
for their own benefit when he wasn't
the person that  that had happened to him that's it that's
something that we already have we have to
know all of us think not
now that Nilson is a profiteer, an
opportunist, a swindler and such then
surely Yes 100% but wow they
also tried to say what he had to
say in court Yes yes that has
been made clear Hey what dog not a cat
a cat is an
Egyptian cat it's a trigger there bald okay okay okay
Sorry a trigger bald
happens that it's a real pain in the ass man he's here
right now and when he gets going he's a pain in the
ass I have I have three I have them I
miss them a lot do you have a chapter
dedicated to Nilson Joaquín can you tell it's
not a chapter to the audios and more men I
tell you this I mean for my audio Nilson
No yes for me the important thing is no longer what
has happened everything after How good there are
people who have published the
audios that are very good There are people who
have spoken Well what I was saying now
that Carmen Balfagón apologized but I
don't apologize for the transfers
made that's why I never apologize
Not because it had been  slipped in with the
complaint that no yes they hadn't
slipped it in already but and the money sent
by Sorry no because of that to me the
Nilson issue is very clear a person who says
that I saw a glass cage and that they are
threatening to kill and that his girlfriend and
that they are chasing her and in the end the only
witness is a guy who practically didn't exist
and to whom he says what he has to
say in court it
means first that the Sancho family
has nothing of any coercion and second
that Nilson is a scoundrel a man who
was around there that these people have taken advantage of in the
same way as the others has
tried to take advantage so that the
court would improve the sentence is that he
was already part man the intelligence of these
people making the strategy or I mean at
what moment do I care about a guy from another
country from another time eh with exp
they know if they know the lawyers if the
lawyers have experience they know
perfectly well that in Thailand that would never happen they would
never accept it that's why and he
knows it very well Jose the majority of the
witnesses that they presented do you remember
that I called you one day so you tell me
the whole list most of them were thrown out
So I don't understand it's not that they
threw them out in Thailand if it was already known,
damn what kind of knowledge did they have in
Spain of what was happening in Thailand yes it doesn't matter
if it is that we don't even know what
strategy the defense followed because it
followed four strategies at the same time I mean
on the one hand sig No seriously in the
trial itself it followed at least four
strategies on the one hand that
Daniel Sancho was being threatened,
triggered and all that stuff On the other hand
the fact that he didn't know ewin
Arrieta because Daniel Sancho himself says so
in suc he didn't know no he didn't know
the intentions of sleeping with him or
wanting sex with him because he said that it had
never been proven to him that
Daniel Sancho also says that in the
trial and on the other hand we have this fear
of the dissociation that his
own or the psychologist they bring presents no
So what strategy did they follow because they
followed them all and didn't follow
any playing keys it goes a bit
haphazardly I think that whenever I say
this same thing yes it's like throwing [ __ ] at the
wall that sticks don't be they
did something like that let's lick [ __ ] at the
wall that sticks  glued and let's see if
something comes out because they didn't just
have one line of defense, they had
four lines of defense and they took all four
to trial to see if any of them
sang the
frog.